Auto-roll billing start date docs (#27685)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/internal-counters.mdx

`new_clients` counts returned for the current month will be an approximation.
That is to say, the response will appear as follows.

> - As of 1.15.13, 1.16.7, 1.17.3, 1.18 and later, the billing start date (license start date if not configured) is the auto-rolled to the most recent year.

Reviewer: This paragraph comes in between `That is to say, the response will appear as follows` and the example that's being referenced. Can we move this paragraph somewhere else in the page?

Author: I will move this as a note in "Read the client count configuration"

> - As of 1.15.13, 1.16.7, 1.17.3, 1.18 and later, the billing start date (license start date if not configured) is the auto-rolled to the most recent year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of 1.15.13, 1.16.7, 1.17.3, 1.18 and later, the billing start date (license start date if not configured) is auto-rolled to the most recent year.
```

- `start_time` `(string, optional)` - An RFC3339 timestamp or Unix epoch time. Specifies the start of the
  period for which client counts will be reported. If no start time is specified, the billing start date will be used.

>   The billing start date is the auto-rolled start date to the most recent year. 

Reviewer 2: I think if I read about this field right here, not seeing any of the other pages, I would be a bit confused what this means. Maybe adding a link to the example page here would be helpful.

Reviewer 3: Agreed, I'm confused about what "auto-rolled start date" means in relation to the most recent year. Also, is "most recent year" the most recent calendar year? The most recent billing year (if the 2 are not the same)?

Author: It would be the most recent billing year which would also be the recent calendar year. 
Would it be better to have "The billing start date is the auto-rolled start date to the most calendar (billing) year. Please refer to upgrade [Upgrade docs link] for more information"?

>   The [billing start date](/docs/concepts/billing-start-date) automatically rolls over to the latest billing year at the end of the last cycle.

Author: Did not mention what auto-rolls means here because I linked billing-start-date concepts doc.

}
```

<Note>

>     As of 1.15.13, 1.16.7, 1.17.3, 1.18 and later, the billing start date (license start date if not configured) will automatically rollover to the latest billing year. 
>     Refer to <a href="/vault/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.15.x#auto-roll-billing-start-date">Upgrade to 1.15.x</a>, <a href="/vault/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.16.x#auto-roll-billing-start-date">Upgrade to 1.16.x</a>, <a href="/vault/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.17.x#auto-roll-billing-start-date">Upgrade to 1.17.x</a>, <a href="/vault/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.18.x#auto-roll-billing-start-date">Upgrade to 1.18.x</a>, for additional information on auto-roll billing start date.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<Note title="Important change to supported versions">

    Billing start date, or license start date if you do not have an explicit
    billing start date configured, automatically rolls over to the latest
    billing year at the end of the last cycle.

    For more information, refer to the upgrade guide for your Vault version:
    
    - [Vault v1.16.x](/vault/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.16.x#auto-roll-billing-start-date)
    - [Vault v1.17.x](/vault/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.17.x#auto-roll-billing-start-date)
    - [Vault v1.18.x](/vault/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.18.x#auto-roll-billing-start-date)

</Note>
```

Technically, 1.15 won't be a supported version when 1.18 releases, and we don't typically call out unsupported versions in the docs. If it's live now for 1.15.x, we should update the relevant 1.15 docs in a separate PR since these docs won't publish until 1.18 RC (at which point, we won't update 1.15 docs regularly)

Also, just as an FYI, you don't need to use HTML in the asides if you include whitespace before/after the body of the text. It's a bug in our content parser that it expects anything within a tag structure to be HTML unless there's whitespace to sort of "reset" the parser's  logic 🤷🏽

Author: I think we will be releasing the changing in 1.16.x and 1.17.x. I will remove the 1.15 changes from this PR

Author: I tried checking this on the website and the links don't show up unless we use <a href>. The links above did not work and shows up as text.

}
```

<Note title="Important change to supported versions">
   As of 1.16.7, 1.17.3 and later, 

>    the <a href="/vault/docs/concepts/billing-start-date">billing start date</a> automatically 

Author: Tried to maintain consistency by adding a link using [billing start date](/vault/docs/concepts/billing-start-date) but for some reason it does not work here. Therefore used a href here.
